THis is going to be a big change,1) BUG FIXES: the UI for the cutmatch screen is too low so it is partially hidden by the tab bar at the bottom, fix it. Then, fixx the bug where when you post a cut match on the feed, to you you can shee the orignal picture, but to anyone else thee is jast a black spot whre the original should be, fix it. 2) before they can even enter the app make it so that they have to register: This is done by creating a username, then password, then there will be a propt asking if they want a standard profile pic or a virtual profile pic. If they pick standard it will ask for a camera photo or one from the phone's gallary. If they pick virtual it will bring them to a screen that has their camera in a cirlcle, and you have to postion your face, then after 10 seconds there will be ai haircuts, not ai faces, just the different hair that would look the best on you, then when you choose one of those tpes of hairs, it will put it and make your hair on your current picture look like the hair cut choice, then you can confirm and go into the app. 3) add a new tab for settings, in setting there will be a various sort of settings hat can controll your experience in the app, you choose what is best(but make sure to include the option for dark ui which is the current one, or light ui). 4) Upgrade the messages tab. make it so that there is a plus button next to the send button, then when you click it you can choose to send your friend a cutmatch, or another choice would be a cutcompitition which bascilly both people takes a cut match, then they do a joint post, where only the ai number 1 best picture and their original picture are in the feed, and it will appear as an eyecatching banner, then if tyou clikc it, you get broguht to a screen hwere you vote who's cutmacth is the best, it is held for 1 day, and then it deletes it selves and the results get shared in the text messages. 5) Make the cutmatch INSANELY FAST, like RLLY FAST, like 2 SECONDS FAST, for maximum effeciency. MAKE SURE YOU CHECK FOR ANY BUGS IN CODE BEFORE YOU FINISH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

